add/update component a11y docs (#2893)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/v4/src/content/accessibility/progress-stepper/progress-stepper.md

---
id: Progress stepper
section: components
---

A **progress stepper** is used to provide information to the user about the state of their current progress on a multistep interaction.

**Keyboard users** should be able to use **Tab** and **Shift + Tab** navigate to and between progress steps with popovers. Keyboard users should 
be able to open and close the popover on a progress step using **Enter** or **Space**.

> **Screen reader users** should be able to discern the label, status, and optional description of every progress step. 

Reviewer: For NVDA/JAWS it might just be called "elements list"? Based on this screen shot of keyboard shortcuts from Deque, the task in the second column aligns with what the rotor does in VO (the first two columns are the same for their pages on NVDA and JAWS)

![NVDA elements list shortcut](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70952936/161761463-59709af9-8187-42ea-b21a-d282582006ee.png)

That said I think I'd agree in maybe explicitly stating in what way the info should be discernible via screen reader, re: screen reader/VO focus vs rotor/element list. This might involve doing a run-through of current a11y docs as well, but could be easier at this stage.

> The aria-label provided to each step should indicate all information being communicated by the progress step's icon, including the variant and the completed status.
> Screen reader users should also be able to discern whether a step has an associated popover they can trigger and the contents of that popover.

Reviewer: The previous line is also tied into this comment, but I wanted to keep this separate from the comments already shared on that one.

Could lines 11-13 of the file for screen reader users be linked more to a single thought, rather than sort of coming off as somewhat separate ones? Roughly something along the lines of:

```suggestion
**Screen reader users** should be able to discern the label, status, and optional description of every progress step via the `aria-label` prop. This should include all information being communicated by the progress step's icon, such as the variant and the completed status, as well as whether the step has an associated popover they can trigger. Screen reader users should also be able to access the contents of any popover associated with a step.
```

Of course taking into account if any changes are made based on the comments above.

---
id: Progress stepper
section: components
---

A **progress stepper** is used to provide information to the user about the state of their current progress on a multistep interaction.

**Keyboard users** use standard keyboard navigation (**Tab** and **Shift + Tab**) to move to and between progress steps with popovers. Keyboard users should
be able to open the popover on a progress step using **Enter** or **Space**, and close the popover using **Enter**, **Space**, or **Escape**.

**Screen reader users** should be able to discern the label, status, and optional description of every progress step 
via the `aria-label` prop. This should include all information being communicated by the progress step's icon, such as 
the variant and the completed status, as well as whether the step has an associated popover they can trigger. Screen 
reader users should also be able to access the contents of any popover associated with a step.

> 

Reviewer 2: So I think that we probably need to add an "Accessibility Application" section or whatever we're planning on calling it here. (I think we've called it different things on different a11y pages.) 
When we look at the progress stepper react demos, we're creating a live region that we're announcing the progress with. This should probably be explained in the a11y docs:
``` 
     <div className="pf-screen-reader" aria-live="polite">
          {steps[currentStep] && `On ${steps[currentStep].title}.`}
          {steps[currentStep - 1] && `${steps[currentStep - 1].title} was successful.`}
     </div>
     <ProgressStepper>
          {steps.map((step, index) => {
            let variant = 'pending';
            let ariaLabel = 'pending step';
            if (index < currentStep) {
              variant = 'success';
              ariaLabel = 'completed step, step with success';
            } else if (index === currentStep) {
              variant = 'info';
              ariaLabel = 'current step';
            } 
 ```

**Keyboard users** use standard keyboard navigation (**Tab** and **Shift + Tab**) to move to and between progress steps with popovers. Keyboard users should
be able to open the popover on a progress step using **Enter** or **Space**, and close the popover using **Enter**, **Space**, or **Escape**.

**Screen reader users** should be able to discern the label, status, and optional description of every progress step 
via the `aria-label` prop. This should include all information being communicated by the progress step's icon, such as 
the variant and the completed status, as well as whether the step has an associated popover they can trigger. Screen 
reader users should also be able to access the contents of any popover associated with a step.

The following props/attributes have been added for you and are customizable in PatternFly:

| React component | React prop  | Which HTML element it appears on in markup | Explanation                       | 
|-----------------|-------------|--------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------|

> | ProgressStep    | aria-label  | .pf-c-progress-stepper__step               | Progress step for screen readers. |

Reviewer: For the explanation, maybe something more along the lines of, "Provides an accessible label describing the variant and status of the progress step," or something that conveys what the aria label is doing.

**Note:** When using a progress stepper in an application, it's also wise to consider how to best summarize the overall progress

> state to a screen reader user. The [basic progress stepper demo]('components/progress-stepper/react-demos#basic')

Reviewer: Not sure if it's just because it's a preview build, but this link doesn't redirect correctly.
